All right so this is the Mac installation video.
Skip this video if you're on a Windows machine or if you're running Linux.
All right.
So we've established now that we want to install Java 11:00 or actually in our case the JT K version
eleven.
So with a browser open we're going to go to Java dot Sun dot com
and once that page loads come down here and click on Java s e Java a C by the way stands for Java standard
edition which is what we're gonna be using in this course.
So you can see that when I've done that it's come up with Java SC eleven LTE is LTE stands for long
term support.
So what we need to do then is come over here and click on download and update where it says Oracle J.D.
K..
Then I'm gonna scroll down here and click on accept license agreement and I'm going to come over here
to the right of Mac OSX the TMG file.
When I click on that and you can see that started the process of downloading the Java development kit
from the Mac and once we get going.
Going to be very similar to installing any Mac program and then go through once it's downloaded and
we'll actually install it and that will be that.
All right.
I got to pause a video and we'll come back once it's downloaded.
Okay.
So I can see now the 80 k eleven for Mac has finished downloading.
Come over here and I'm going to go to the forward or it's downloaded a double click to open the TMJ
file and then we'll let it do its thing and actually install
sure what I'll do is I'll close the browser.
You don't need that anymore and I'll just close the final window in here.
You can double click now the Java development kit the JD K 11 and we'll just go through the standard
was it to install it on this computer so we'll click on install.
I'm gonna enter my password per center or click on install software and you can see it's very quickly
completed the installation of the GVK K eleven so let's see.
Great.
At this point now we've got the Java development kit for our Mac installed in the next video it's time
to download installing tele J.
And that's the program that we'll be using in the course that works with the JD K. that we've just installed
and this new program that you write and execute Java programs.
So I'll see you in the next video after I click on this option here.